Wei He nodded. He was asking to test if a person had to buy two slaves.
And the other side's answer confirmed his meaning.
He paid the money and signed the contract. Soon, Jiang Su was led in front of him with an iron collar tied around her neck.
The other end of the collar's rope was handed into his hand.
"From today on, she is your property. Please note that if she is let out and hurts someone else, you will bear legal responsibility."
The strong woman explained.
"Because she is a dog you keep, if your dog bites someone, naturally you need to be responsible for the compensation. Understand this?"
"Understood." Wei He nodded.
The accent of the people from Dayue was still the same as before, with not much change.
This also saved him from having to learn everything from scratch.
"That's good." The strong woman nodded.
Wei He simply waited right here.
Soon, Number Seven was also bought by him for the price of sixty.
Because the girl's cultivation was not as good as Jiang Su's, only at the Second Blood level, the price was lower.
The lower the cultivation, the shorter the shelf life it represented, so when Wei He made an offer, there weren't even many people competing with him.
Soon, Wei He finished handling Number Seven's paperwork one by one.
As long as it was proven that he was not a True Qi martial artist, that he had the strength to suppress slaves, and that he could pay, the people from the Flying Cloud Pavilion making the deal didn't care where he came from at all.
Their goal was actually very simple, and that was to make practicing True Qi completely degenerate into a disgrace and the lowest tier that everyone looked down upon.
To make their social status completely fall to the very bottom.
Wei He also saw through this in his heart.
Dayue deliberately used such low prices to buy and sell True Qi martial artists everywhere, and their motive could be described as quite vicious.
Having bought the two women Jiang Su, his goal was also achieved. Immediately, he took the two of them, rented a carriage compartment, got inside, and drove towards the largest inn in Wulian City.
Inside the carriage, Wei He sat alone on one row, and the two Jiang Su women sat on the opposite row.
The two of them lowered their heads, covered in dirt and full of scars, and their torn clothes vaguely revealed glimpses of skin.
In this state, Wei He had no intention of recognizing them.
Recognizing each other at this time would only bring him trouble, and both sides would be hard to handle.
It was better to simply pretend to be strangers. After saving them, properly arrange everything for the two of them during this time in Dayue, which would also be much simpler and easier.
As for his identity, it wouldn't be too late to decide whether to reveal it after he completely decided to leave Dayue.
Inside the carriage, there was silence for a while, and only the sound of rolling wheels could be heard.
On the street outside, there were constant shouts from peddlers and the play of children.
The vitality of the common people was much better than the old Dayuan, who knows by how much.
After the martial arts ban was issued, no martial artists were allowed among the people.
All martial artists came from two places, one was the government, and the other was Buddhism.
Wei He was holding a Buddhist identity document.
This kind of identity document meant that he had the qualification to practice martial arts, and was a warrior monk officially certified by Buddhism.
The identity document was just a basic proof of identity that anyone could use.
This was very loose, because True Blood martial artists were extremely easy to test. Impersonation was hard.
As long as Wei He didn't use another official token of the Guangci Sect to fake his identity, there wouldn't be big problems.
There was silence in the carriage.
Jiang Su and the other woman waited for quite a while. At first, they thought Wei He couldn't help himself and would come up to toy with them.
They were both mentally prepared to close their eyes, bite their teeth, and endure it.
Yet after waiting for a long time, there was no movement.
Actually, if it weren't for being beaten with muscle-dissolving fluid, Jiang Su originally planned to commit suicide.
Pity that the dissolving fluid made them lack even the strength to commit suicide.
Jiang Su's cultivation was only at the Martial Master level. After injecting the standard dose of dissolving fluid, her strength at this moment was even lower than an ordinary person's.
Without a sharp weapon, suicide was also a difficult thing to do.
Not to mention, her daughter was right beside her. If she died... how would her daughter live alone in this world?
Whenever she thought of this, Jiang Su gritted her teeth and held on fiercely.
She never dreamed that she would fall to such a state today.
In order to seek martial arts and become stronger, she traveled thousands of miles from Yunzhou to Taizhou, and managed to enter the Wushi Sect with great difficulty, breaking through the innate shackles within and desperately achieving the rank of Martial Master.
In the end, it was all for nothing.
"You..." Jiang Su spoke up, wanting to say something.
Suddenly the carriage paused.
The driver's voice came from outside.
"Sir, we have arrived at the place."
"Let's go." Wei He said.
He shook the rope of the collar in his hand, took the lead to lift the carriage curtain, and got off the car.
Jiang Su and the other woman were also a bit puzzled and a bit lucky, so they got off the car too, following closely behind Wei He.
Such a combination of three people made people around them know at a glance that they had just come from the Flying Cloud Pavilion auction spot.
Entering the inn, Wei He ignored the gazes of the rest and quickly opened a large room.
After paying the money, a waiter immediately came to guide him, leading them to open the door of the room.
"Waiter, is there any place nearby to rent a house?" Wei He asked casually.
"If you want to rent a house, guest, you can go to the Exchange Hall on the next street. There are not only house rentals there, but also buying and selling houses, exchanging old furniture, and things like that. It's considered a grocery trading market. The address is Number 132 Huaihua Road."
With a smile on his face, the waiter quickly answered.
"Um, not bad, then do you know if there is any place nearby with a military recruitment point?" Wei He knew in his heart that if he wanted to quickly obtain resources and cultivation from Dayue here, joining the army was naturally the fastest way.
Buddhism still required going through master-apprentice tests and things like that, but joining the army, as long as military merits were sufficient, climbing up step by step was much faster than Buddhism.
"You mean the enlistment point? Just go to the Military Affairs Department station. Exit the inn, follow this street all the way to the center of the city, and ask any patrolling official soldier there, you can find the location of the Military Affairs Department." The waiter answered quite readily.
"Thank you." Wei He nodded, and had arrangements in his mind.
Soon, the waiter led the three of them into the room.
The room was chosen by Wei He, and it was a spacious suite located deep inside the inn.
Such a room had an area equivalent to three times that of an ordinary room, and the price was naturally quite impressive.
However, Wei He could afford to use it.
As long as there was a reasonable identity disguise, the large pile of star stones on him could be exchanged for money, enough to stay at the inn for a hundred years and not run out.
Bringing the two women into the room, the waiter tactfully had people immediately start boiling hot water, which could be sent up in a while.
When people retreated and left.
Wei He closed the door, turned around, and looked at Jiang Su and the other woman standing uneasy by the wall.
The two women's appearances were extremely similar, one young, one mature.
One looked like a ripe peach, and the other looked like a green and pure daffodil.
The most crucial thing was that the two of them only wore a simple layer of gray linen clothes. The torn linen clothes could only barely cover their chests and lower bodies.
Everything else was exposed outside.
"You guys, take a bath in a while, wash a bit cleaner, I'll have the waiter send some clothes over. Stay in the room for now." Wei He instructed.
"Yes..." Jiang Su nodded hurriedly. It seemed she saw that Wei He was not the kind of brutal master and was a bit easier to talk to.
So she made up her mind at the first moment to be as well-behaved as possible and cooperate with the other party's request.
In this way, perhaps her daughter would suffer a bit less.
As long as her daughter had an easier time, working hard and suffering some torture herself was worth it.
"What are your names?" Wei He asked feigning ignorance.
Jiang Su hesitated for a moment and said, "My name is Jiang Su, and she is my daughter, Tang Yinlian. Yin as in solid, Lian as in pitiful..."
"Daughter?" Wei He understood in his heart, it was just as he thought.
According to Jiang Su's aptitude back then, it was almost impossible for her to break through to become a Martial Master.
It was imaginable that she was able to break through, likely relying on external help.
Now it seemed that this daughter was the proof left behind by the husband she once relied on.
Then he asked about their ages.
Jiang Su answered one by one.
Jiang Su's age was a bit older than Wei He's, but because she was well maintained, plus she had taken beauty-preserving drugs in the past, she still looked similar to a thirty-year-old.
And her daughter Tang Yinlian was nineteen years old, right at her prime age.
Asking casually, soon, hot water was sent into the room.
Wei He went to the partition of the suite alone, letting the two women wash behind the screen.
Screech.
Opening the window, Wei He looked outside.
He lived on the third floor of this inn.
Looking down from the window, he could see the situation of the two streets next to him.
There were no more martial artists who used to leap high and fly around, only street scenes as plain as ancient times from his previous life.
Ordinary people, ordinary shops, ordinary houses.
Only occasionally could a very small number of tall official soldiers and monks be seen passing by.
At the street corners, there were also specialized petty officials leading people to publicize and explain the latest laws and regulations to passing pedestrians.
Far away, Wei He could also see a circle of half-grown teenagers surrounding the petty official.
Those listening were obviously mostly children. In this entertainment-barren era, coming here to listen not only killed time, but also got a little malt candy distributed for free by the official family.
That was quite comfortable.
From afar, Wei He's hearing could also hear the contents of the regulations loudly read by the petty official.
"In public places, fighting and brawling are not allowed, fraud and trafficking are not allowed, and raising dangerous beasts is not allowed.
Among them, the specific details are like this..."
The petty official carefully explained the contents one by one, and also gave some examples for comparison, so that the children around could understand more deeply.
Wei He listened silently for a while, and it was even stipulated among them that even military martial artists and Buddhist monks were not allowed to casually use force to harm people in the city.
Comparing it with the old Dayuan... looking at the natural smiles on the faces of passing pedestrians.
Even he had to admit at this time that the Dayue Dynasty was much better at civil governance than the old Dayuan.
Although they divided the people into classes, and although they banned martial arts among the people, the people lived more comfortably and safely because of it.
Taking advantage of the time the two women were washing up, Wei He went out and walked around the inn. As he expected, in a place with a huge flow of people like an inn, the martial artists he ran into were only a meager seven or eight people.
Most people were just ordinary people, merchants, scholars, gentry, artisans, and so on. The proportion of martial people had dropped to a stable level.
Leaving the inn, Wei He's heart moved, and he cut across to the adjacent street.
Soon, in a grocery trading shop, he found what he needed—a blood-testing needle.
This thing was sold everywhere, and it was used to test whether a person had chaotic blood that could be mined inside their body.
The blood-testing needle was cheap, single-functional, and extremely popular.
Wei He bought one, spending only one large coin.
One tael of Dayue gold note was equal to one hundred large coins, and one large coin was equal to one hundred copper coins.
And the room in the inn where Wei He stayed cost thousands of copper coins a night. That was more than a dozen large coins.
So the cheapness of this blood-testing needle far exceeded ordinary people's imagination. Obviously, there was a government subsidy involved.
After buying the needle back, he returned to the suite, stood by the window, picked up the blood-testing needle, and gently pricked his finger.
Swish.
When Wei He was not channeling his ability, the needle easily pierced into his skin and flesh, staining a bit of blood.
Soon, a circular white spherical object behind the needle tip gradually turned into a dark red color.
"The darker the color, the thicker the chaotic blood... It seems that my disguise as a chaotic blood person should have no problem."
Wei He let out a sigh of relief.
He didn't have much confidence before, after all, he wasn't a chaotic blood person himself. Now seeing this, after truly testing it, he confirmed there was no problem.
That made things much easier.
"I just don't know whether it was the Three Hearts Technique or the Whale Flood Technique that produced the effect and transformed my physique into a chaotic blood physique?"
He guessed it should still be the changes brought by the Three Hearts Technique.
After all, the Whale Flood Technique was essentially still a True Qi martial art.
And the Three Hearts Technique could no longer be considered a pure martial art, but rather a category of semi-transplantation surgery.
"Since it's confirmed that there is chaotic blood inside my body, then... tomorrow I will go report, strive to get the cultivation technique as soon as possible, and then use blood tools to purify the bloodline."
Wei He also wanted to try what kind of changes would happen if he practiced True Blood as well.
