Inside one of the mine tunnels. Wei Chun spat, ground the spit in with her foot, and looked back at her two coughing parents. Wei Shitou and his wife were hollow-cheeked and worn, huddled in a corner dozing. They wore only one thin set of hemp clothes. Since the Shaoyang Sect caught the three of them, they had been digging in this sunless mine. Every day they had to dig out a set quota of iron ore before they could leave and collect their food.
Luckily Wei Chun was uncommonly gifted and strong, and when she came in she had pretended to be no different from anyone else, so that she could secretly take some of her parents' work onto herself. She had been sensible since she was small and had often helped her parents look after the younger brother and sisters; now, in danger as she was, she still shouldered the burden of her own accord.
Only, there was no telling how much longer days like this would last. Wei Chun wiped the sweat away and looked up at the faint light from outside the mine. The sunlight was dazzling; she had already lost track of how long it had been since she had moved about freely out in the open. Her skin had grown whiter and whiter for want of light.
"I wonder how little Ying and little He are getting on…" Luck had truly been against her: she had been caught on the spot while out on a job for the gang. Her parents, meanwhile, had run into One Ear on a sudden raid on the road, and after being taken had been sold on cheap, from one hand to another, to dig the Shaoyang Sect's mines. She had thought there would never again be a chance to get out, but of late something seemed to have changed.
…………
In another stretch of wooded hills in Feiye City.
Wei He threw the fat man down on the ground and searched him, pulling out a heap of every sort of trick for sneaky underhand work. "This dog-thing, he's a real snake!" Wei He was secretly startled as he felt his way through it. The fat man carried three whole sacks of quicklime, two tubes of poison water, a bag of poison powder, a sack of poison darts, and some live venomous insects and spiders packed in breathable woven bags.
Wei He had no scruples: everything but the insects he pocketed with pleasure. He stood in the woods and waited quietly a while. Only then did the fat man come slowly back to his senses. "Who sneak-attacked little master?!!" The fat man jack-knifed upright, his belly sloshing out a ring of fat, and came off the ground with a spring.
"I did." Wei He said slowly. The sound of his voice stopped the fat man cold. The fellow seemed utterly unable to believe that someone had been standing so close to him. Soon his face changed as he recalled what had happened before.
"Spare me, sire!" He dropped to his knees at once with a thud. "…" Wei He had no words. "Whatever you want to know, sire, I will tell you all of it! I would not dare hide anything!" the fat man hurriedly added. "…You are a sensible one." Wei He paused. "Let me ask you… two years ago, did your Shaoyang Sect cut down, on the road below the mountain,
a party of craftsmen on their way to the Mingde Temple to carve Buddha statues?" "T-two years ago?" The fat man shuddered all over. "Sire, two years ago we were in no state to go dragging people off — back then the higher-ups had us work with a great man to hunt down a witch called black-letter worm. We had no time at all to spare dragging people back to the mines…" "Black-letter worm?!" Wei He's heart went cold; he had not got out the key answer, and had dragged up something else entirely instead.
"You are sure?" he said grimly, his hand moving without his meaning it to the short knife he had taken from the fat man, ready to finish him at the first wrong answer. "It is absolutely true — most of our sect spent every day hunting black-letter worm then; we had no interest at all in dragging people back to the mines." the fat man answered quickly.
"You are certain!?" Wei He drew the short knife, his eyes cold and sharp. "Certain! Absolutely certain!" the fat man cried. "In those days it was the Incense Gathering Sect who were always seizing people! We took very few! Sire, why not go and look into the Incense Gathering Sect? They were mad for grabbing people, burning incense and forcing them into the sect! Perhaps it was them!"
