"Little wench, that will teach you to run!!" A man with a chopping knife swung straight at Jiang Su's neck. He was only second-breakthrough, and his stirred-up breath gave his strength away at once. In fact Jiang Su knew that the men chasing them now had no experts left among them.
The real trouble was these second-breakthrough Blood Clothes Gang leaders, like hyenas. They were the men who, short of strange-beast meat, had never been able to train enough to grow strong. So their hunger and their craving for that meat went far beyond other men's. Jiang Su rolled up to her feet and traded blows with two knife-wielding leaders, one after another, the three of them dodging and ducking in the dark woods.
She had been wounded already, and the blood loss had left her dizzy and her sight swimming. Fighting hard again now, her wounds looked set to grow worse. But Master Zheng still lay unconscious to one side, and she could not run. "Ha!" She saw an opening at last and threw a hard punch, just managing to drive one man back a few steps.
But her strength was too small; she had only pushed him back a few metres, and he soon came to himself. "She is used up! Kill her!!" The man shrieked, and came at her again, excited. Soon more men caught up from behind, all Blood Clothes Gang. Jiang Su and the other few were caught in hard, ringed fighting, ready to fall, new wounds opening on them one after another.
But because she had taken a wound earlier to kill a second-breakthrough leader, the men around still did not dare close in and risk their lives. They only ringed her and worked together to worsen her wounds, like true hyenas circling their prey, nipping in for a bite when it was not looking. "Xiao Su, run…" Zheng Fugui had woken at some point, and said it weakly.
"Do not mind me." Jiang Su said nothing more and fought on with her teeth set. By now there was no chance of running, even if she had wanted to. Many times on the road she had wanted to run off alone, but for some reason she had held on and come to this.
……
Wei He stood outside the temple with narrowed eyes, peering down the slope. Just now he thought he had heard someone scream; the sound had been fairly loud. It made him frown. The mountain woods at night were dangerous: not only fierce beasts roamed there, but strange beasts too.
Everyone knew that. In woods that dangerous, there were somehow still people out there killing each other. "They really do not want to live…" Wei He looked hard towards the sound, but it was too far and too dark; he could see nothing. He turned and headed back for the little hall, with no mind to bother over people who were asking to die.
Then a faint voice drifted over from far off. "Hand over Zheng Fugui!!" Wei He's foot, just lifting, stopped dead. He turned and ran for the sound.
Pfft. Another blade cut across Jiang Su's back. She swung a backhand blow and caught nothing again.
The men around her never met her strength with strength. They only ringed her, and cut at her whenever she tried to rest. Their plan was to wear her out and kill her with tiredness. No one wanted to risk his life for nothing: if a dying her dragged one of them down with her, it would be a poor bargain. So if a man could be killed without a scratch, all the better.
Three second-breakthrough leaders ringed Jiang Su, and the rest ringed the two other Mountain Fist disciples. Round after round of blade light swept over them, leaving cut after cut, some shallow, some deep. Shhk.
