Cheng Jing's once neat and pretty face had swollen into a pig's head — nose and eyes puffed up, and many places on her body beaten puffy as well. Luckily Wei He knew there was a difference between man and woman and had not struck anywhere delicate. Even so, she had thoroughly learned how great the gap between herself and a second breakthrough was. Wei He had only just broken through, and could already make easy sport of her — to say nothing of the other hands who had broken through long ago.
"Did something happen on that escort run?" Wei He asked.
"…" Cheng Jing said nothing, only turning her pig's head to the sky and staring blankly at the moon.
"Are your feet still smelly?" Wei He said.
"Ah!!" Cheng Jing threw a punch at him, and got a counterpunch to the side of her face for it.
Thud. She went down again. "Tell me, can you not do something about that temper? At this rate, who will dare marry you?" Wei He got to his feet and sighed. Was this woman crazy or what?
Lying on her back on the ground, Cheng Jing stared blankly up at him, then suddenly burst into loud sobbing. Tears ran down both sides of her face; she cried until she shook all over, as if she meant to burst out every ounce of strength in her body. "What are you howling for?" Wei He was speechless. "You are the one who came running over to ambush me." He could not be bothered looking at this madwoman again, and turned toward the training ground's gate.
"Do you think I want to cry? Do you think I am crying because I cannot beat you?!" Cheng Jing's wailing voice came suddenly from behind him. "If I do not break through, I have to marry! Do you think I want that? Do you think… I have suffered all these years. Why should it be me!? Do you know how miserable I am??"
Wei He fell silent. The steps carrying him out stopped, and turning, he walked back toward Cheng Jing. He came up to her side. "Have you come to comfort me?" Cheng Jing opened her eyes and looked at him.
Wei He drove a fist at her. Thud! "I have come to make you accept reality." That done, he turned and left with a light heart.
"There is not a soul in this world to spoil you. Miserable? There are plenty more miserable than you. At least your father and mother are still alive. What are you howling for?" Pulling on his outer coat, Wei He suddenly felt his own gloom and worry much reduced. Cheng Jing was left lying on the ground alone, one eye so swollen she could barely open it. "My face again??"
She wanted to cry even more. That escort run had been one close call after another; she had not met that black madman from last time, but she had run into mountain bandits twice, and of the goods she had been escorting, fully half were gone before they arrived safely. Luckily the loss fell within the range agreed on in advance, and the client who had booked the escort, for all his helplessness, understood.
But on her return she had received word that her mother was gravely ill; and then Wei He, who had been beneath her not long ago, broke through suddenly and passed her by. And on top of that the agency's pressure grew more pressing by the day. Layer on layer of weight, and at last her feelings had given way a little.
Lying there now, Cheng Jing thought of the fight just past: however she attacked, she could not break Wei He's guard. That helplessness was just like the fate she faced now. "I will remember this beating! Just wait, Wei He. One day I will repay it!"
Her mind was made up: to change her fate, she would begin with curing her smelly feet!
