If he was unhappy, Chen Jian opposite him was unhappier. He spat hard on the ground, his face full of disappointment and anger. "Damn it! Wasted my time!"
"What did you say!?" One of the Mountain Fist disciples around them could bear it no longer and stepped out, his face red.
"What I say is none of your business!" Chen Jian snapped back, furious. "Were you cursing just now or not!? Apologise!!" the disciple said angrily. "Heh. Did I curse you? Did I say I was talking about you? I am not apologising. What are you going to do about it?" Chen Jian laughed with anger. "If you have the guts, come up here, one against one. Whoever wins is the other man's father. Dare you?"
"Fine, come on!!" The disciple made to rush at him, but the men around him held him back with all their strength. "Heh, trash is trash. Of course, I am not talking about Master Zheng. I would not dare mock a jin-entering master. I am only sorry for Master Zheng's sake. A jin-entering master of his standing, and look at the goods he has under him," Chen Jian said, meaning every word as a goad. "Shut your damned mouth!!"
"I will not shut up. Come on then, beat me to death. That is why I came today, to let you people beat me to death!" Chen Jian slapped his own chest and smiled coldly. In the seat of honour, Zheng Fugui's face had gone almost dark red with rage. He gripped the arm of his chair, his fingers dug deep into the wood, and he did not move at all. He had long heard that Iron Slaughter Fist had taken on a thick-headed genius who had angered a good many academies and left them helpless to answer him.
He had not expected to see the man for himself today. Chen Jian had a strong backing and gifts above the common, and on top of that he lived for fighting; if he had not been so foul-mouthed, he would by now have gathered a fair web of connections. But from the way he was behaving, it was no wonder that so many academies thought badly of him.
Around them the place was all noise and uproar. Zhou Jihan and his two companions were speechless as well. Chen Jian did have some strength; he had fought Zhou Jihan before, challenged him, been beaten face to face, and had not come back for a second try. In Zhou Jihan's mind he had been one more of many challengers, nothing worth much notice.
Who would have thought that, seen now, the fellow was a plain thick-head. "Chen Jian has some strength, but he is hardly beyond dealing with. Has Mountain Fist no stronger inner-yard disciple?" Hu Zheng'an said, puzzled. "Among the academies, Mountain Fist ranks middling, and even a little low. What do you think?" He Hong said coldly from beside him.
"It is a farce, a mess." Zhou Jihan felt there was no need to watch any longer. The whole place was in disorder; it had turned into a shouting match between Chen Jian and the Mountain Fist disciples. The two brother disciples who had come with Chen Jian tried several times to go up and hold him back, and each time he slapped them away with one hand. It seemed the man was a ruthless sort who was obeyed at his own academy as well.
"If Senior Brother Wei were here, you would not be throwing your weight about!" Ouyang Zhuang of the outer yard could hold back no longer and shouted it angrily. "That is right! If Senior Brother Wei were here, one slap would put you out of the fight!" "You are only swaggering because Senior Brother Wei is away!" "Have you people no shame at all!?" Chen Jian was angry now too. "I came here to cross hands with that precious Senior Brother Wei of yours, and now he cannot be found. It was you people who said you would warm the place up with bouts. What is this? Losing, so you start praising a man who does not dare show his face? If you have the guts, here I stand: one against two, and I will give you the chance. Beat me, and I will kneel on the ground and apologise and admit I was wrong. Fail to beat me, and I will not make you kneel either, you only have to admit fault. Every one of you, admit fault to me! That is the principle Chen Jian stands on!"
Bang. Zheng Fugui could bear it no longer. He brought his palm down and snapped the arm of his chair, and made to rise. Even if it earned him the name of an elder bullying a child, he would teach the boy a lesson and show him what manners were. "Brother Zheng, why lose your temper? This is no more than a squabble among the young. It is hardly for you and me to step in."
Suddenly there was another figure in the yard, standing abruptly not far from Zheng Fugui's side. It was a long-bearded old man dressed much as Chen Jian of Iron Slaughter Fist was. His beard was braided all through and wound round his neck, and the muscles stood out hugely on him, above all across his chest and back.
