A huge, explosive force burst from Chen Jian's chest in an instant and flung him far back through the air. With a heavy thud he slammed into the hard enclosure wall, and behind him came the deep crack of the wall splitting. He felt as though a raging rhinoceros had struck him head-on: the qi and blood that had been rising and changing in him so fast scattered all at once, broken apart by force, without the drive it had had a moment before.
The chance of breakthrough he had just grasped… scattered just like that!? "My apologies. I did not expect you to be so weak. I used a little too much strength," Wei He said. He drew his hand back and walked straight towards Master Zheng.
Between great joy and great rage Zheng Fugui's temper had been flung up and down all afternoon, and now his anger of a moment ago vanished the instant Chen Jian was broken. He took a step forward, relief plain on his face, and was about to speak, and then his chest tightened, his head swam a little, and he nearly dropped back onto his seat.
Luckily Zhao Hong, beside him, saw it in time and caught hold of him. As for Chen Jian, the rising of his qi and blood that had come to him so hardly, a breakthrough all but in his grasp, had been scattered by one finger of Wei He's, right before everyone's eyes, and he was thrown back to what he had been. The grief, rage and pain in Chen Jian's heart could hardly be put into words; but with his qi and blood surging wildly he was, though not badly hurt, unable to get his breath, and for a while he could not speak.
== Chapter 78 · Bouts (Part 2) ==
The Iron Slaughter Fist master, the old man with the braided beard, hurried to Chen Jian's side to look over his beloved disciple. Finding nothing seriously wrong, he was easy again. But he had no idea that his disciple, under Wei He's interruption just then, had lost a chance that comes once in a thousand years, a perfect chance to break through.
With that chance gone, the spirit was broken, and a second or third attempt would be far harder. Since his disciple was unhurt, he could not be bothered to argue. He lifted Chen Jian up one-handed and turned to go. With things already this sour, staying would only be asking for trouble. He had hurried over out of worry that Chen Jian's reckless temper would land them in some disaster, and now that his purpose was served, and the fault had been on their side to begin with, getting back quickly was the wise thing.
Wei He watched Iron Slaughter Fist leave, then waited until Master Zheng had steadied himself and gave him a small nod and a smile. Only then did he put his mind at rest, and wasting no more time, he walked out into the middle of the ground. "I am Wei He. My thanks to all of you of the same trade for coming to lend the occasion your presence. There was a small misunderstanding just now, and happily it has been cleared up."
"Friends, if any of you still wish to try me, by all means come forward." The words echoed and settled. But at this moment, after all that had just happened to Chen Jian of Iron Slaughter Fist, everyone understood: this Wei He in front of them was not as mild as he looked.
To send Chen Jian flying a dozen paces with one finger and leave him unable to speak against a wall, strength of that kind was far beyond what most of the inner-yard disciples there could hope to do. Many of the academies had begun to think less of Mountain Fist over the business with Chen Jian, but with Wei He's arrival the name of Mountain Fist was more than half restored in an instant.
One finger, and the genius who had been so overweening a moment before was beaten. That kind of deterrence, mixed with the strong qi and blood moving and swelling in him now, pressed on them all, wave after wave. But that most did not dare move did not mean that no one did. Zhou Jihan steadied the shock in his heart, closed his eyes, and went over the scene he had just seen again and again in his mind.
That finger of Wei He's had been quick as lightning, coming from behind to overtake, striking Chen Jian's chest with perfect precision. That speed, that strength, that decision were on a level wholly apart from the other Mountain Fist disciples. Like Chen Jian, he was in desperate need of a chance, a moment to break through himself. He had already understood the hidden meaning of the root diagram.
