Answer: [Wei He wore a black cloak that wrapped around his entire body. His black hair fell over his shoulders, and his skin looked fair and even due to long-term practice of the Rain-Covering and Cloud-Gathering Skill.
However, this fairness did not affect his aura.
His eyes were straight and sharp, and his nose bridge was high. Although he was not considered handsome, he looked calm and steady. His burly and strong physique added a sense of unmoving heaviness to him.
Swoosh.
He suddenly jumped up, his figure like a flying bird, borrowing strength constantly on the treetops of the sea of trees.
Wei He sprinted rapidly above the sea of trees, just like walking on waves.
Ever since he started practicing martial arts, what he liked the most was this kind of freedom, doing whatever he wanted and doing anything he desired.
Flying forward at full speed like this, he soon crossed the sea of trees. The terrain gradually tilted, and the surrounding temperature slowly turned cold.
The upper half of the distant, huge, continuous mountain range was covered in bright white snow and misty fog.
Faint, strange, and deep roars of beasts and cries of birds could be heard from the sea of trees below.
Rumbling thunder came from the edge of the sky at this moment.
Wei He looked up at the sky, and within a few moments, raindrops began to fall, hitting his face.
Having come to this world for so many years, this was the first time his heart gradually grew peaceful. He did not need to think too much and could just quietly feel everything around him like this.
Stopping abruptly, Wei He stood on a tree branch as thick as a thigh, gently swooped down, and plunged into the forest.
Below the forest, on a patch of lush green grass, a small hut stood quietly. This was shockingly the place where Nine Shadows lived in seclusion and did research.
To prevent outsiders from discovering them, the two discussed moving the place to the depths of Black House Mountain.
As soon as he landed, Wei He saw that there was one more person in front of the wooden house door than usual.
A boy wearing a bellyband and tied with small braids was squatting bare-bottomed at the door of the wooden house, watching big ants fight on the ground.
This boy was at most five or six years old, his flesh trembling and extraordinarily plump. The whole person was round and rolling, looking very blessed.
As soon as Wei He landed, the boy heard the movement, raised his head, and saw him.
The two stared at each other with big eyes.
"Uncle! Someone is coming!" The boy suddenly stood up and ran into the house.
After a short while, Nine Shadows walked out slowly with dark circles under both eyes, looking quite tired.
"You are here? This is the child of my benefactor. He caught a strange illness, so I brought him here to recuperate for a few days, and will send him back soon." He explained carefully in a few words.
"Come in first." He pushed open the wooden door.
Wei He nodded.
This wooden house belonged exclusively to Nine Shadows. His own wooden house was nearby in another place, very close to this one. After moving, the two specially separated into two places to avoid trouble.
"Yuanbao, call him uncle. This is your Uncle Wei. This Uncle Wei is much more powerful than your Uncle Shadow. Didn't you always shout about wanting to learn martial arts to beat bad people? Your Uncle Wei is a big expert even more powerful than me." Nine Shadows smiled at the boy.
"Uncle Wei, your physique at first glance is stronger than Uncle Shadow!" The boy Yuanbao immediately came over smiling and said.
"Flatterer!" Nine Shadows cursed with a smile and pushed the kid's forehead with a slap.
"Alright, your Uncle Wei and I have things to talk about. You go outside and help me keep watch on the air-dried dragon bone grass. Don't let those big-tailed cats steal it."
"Okay." Yuanbao was very obedient. He trotted out and even pulled the door shut behind him.
"Aren't you afraid something will happen to him outside?" Wei He asked in surprise.
"It's fine. That kid carries good things I gave him with him. Ordinary animals and poisonous insects dare not come near." Nine Shadows smiled. "Tell me, what is the matter? You wouldn't come to see me specially if nothing was wrong."
"I plan to reassemble the Heavenly Seal Gate. I need an expert who has made achievements in the path of poison. Come and help me, how about it?" Wei He said bluntly.
He could not stay in the sect all the time to cultivate his disciples' attainments in the path of poison, but knowing very well how much advantage the path of poison could take in actual combat, he planned to pull Nine Shadows into his sect.
He didn't need him to fight, just help teach some students.
"I don't have this leisure time." Nine Shadows shook his head. "The method we studied before, integrating deadly poison into the force, I seem to have some clues about it now. I am deeply researching it right now."
"Oh? You mean, poison martial arts?" Wei He's eyes lit up.
"That's right. Based on the ideas of the White Jade Skill you provided and my Qi-Fixing Decision and other detoxifying cultivation methods, I found a way.
It is impossible not to increase poison resistance at all, but we can continuously improve and strengthen our own physique. According to the idea you proposed before, if our physique is strong enough, then poisons and the like are actually just some slightly irritating small medicines, and the damage is not big.
Just like table salt to a slug, table salt is only a condiment to us, but to a weak slug, it is a deadly poison.
So following this idea, I designed a body-forging skill corresponding to different poison categories."
"Oh? Let me see." Wei He instantly became interested.
"Just in time for you to come and help me improve it together." Nine Shadows was also very happy. His martial arts realm was not strong, so he needed Wei He to supplement and improve this aspect.
"By the way, where did your benefactor come from? You even brought a child to this kind of place, aren't you afraid of accidents?" Wei He asked by the way.
"That was from before. At that time, I had a broken arm and was unconscious, and was saved by someone. Later, in order not to implicate others, I left early.
By the time I wanted to go back and find people to repay them, I couldn't find them anymore; they had moved.
A while ago, I went out to gather medicine, but I didn't expect to meet my benefactor again. Coincidentally, his son caught a strange illness, so I went to check and brought the person here for treatment." Nine Shadows briefly introduced it.
"Pay attention yourself, don't expose our research place." Wei He exhorted.
"Rest assured."
The two exchanged a few words right then about the method of improving the newly created body-forging skill.
Soon, with Wei He's participation, this deadly poison body-forging skill gradually became more complete.
In the blink of an eye, it was already late.
The three of them casually ate some barbecued medicine soup in the wooden house, then sat around together and boiled milk tea with the stove fire.
"Did you know that outside Taizhou nowadays, surrounding towns and fortresses are nine-tenths empty, plagues are spreading, and they are everywhere."
While eating, Nine Shadows couldn't help asking out loud.
"I know a little bit. The previous wars didn't bury the corpses in time, leading to the outbreak of the plague. How is the situation now?" Wei He asked with a frown.
"Not too good. Within Taizhou, villages and towns have already started to have people infected." Nine Shadows shook his head. "Fortunately, around the place where Yuanbao and the others live, there are no infected people coming out, and it's still quite safe now."
"Are you still writing books?"
"Hmm, half of it is written. Basically, my half-lifetime insights are on it." Nine Shadows spoke of this with a full face of smiles.
"Right, do me a favor, how about it?" He suddenly said.
"What is it?" Wei He asked.
"You have many connections, help arrange a few people to enter Xuanjing City with the identity documents of household registration and settlement." Nine Shadows said somewhat embarrassed.
"Seeking revenge?" Wei He was surprised. "Just say it directly, I'll help you solve it."
"No, it's just that the outside is getting more and more chaotic. I want to send a few friends into the city so they can be safer." Nine Shadows smiled.
He touched Yuanbao's head and let out a long breath.
"My luck has been pretty good recently. I made a few friends and finally am no longer alone."
Let's see if you can make friends?" Wei He found it strange.
"What do you mean? Are you looking for trouble?" Nine Shadows was instantly speechless. "What do you mean by I can also make friends?"
Wei He apologized repeatedly before he stopped.
"I just meant that you look fierce, have one arm, and come and go like the wind. At first glance, you are not a good person, how did you make friends?" Wei He smiled.
"Maybe some special luck..." Nine Shadows didn't elaborate.
A while ago, he passed by a village and town, disguised his identity as a pharmacist to buy medicinal materials, and by coincidence got to know an old man who was also a pharmacist.
Both of them liked playing chess and were of equal skill, so after going back and forth, they slowly became familiar with each other.
That old man knew he was alone, so he often invited him to his house as a guest.
That period of time happened to be when Wei He was focusing on practicing martial arts and rarely came to the seclusion place to study together.
As time went on, he and that old pharmacist also became friends.
In the middle, the treatment of Yuanbao's strange illness required a very rare medicinal material, and Nine Shadows couldn't find a sufficient amount for a while.
He relied entirely on the old pharmacist to run around everywhere, and actually managed to gather enough in time.
After this matter, the relationship between the two got closer.
"Anyway, just say whether you will help or not?" Nine Shadows simply urged.
"It's just a small matter. How many slots do you need? Turn back and give me the names, native places, ages, and other details, and I will find someone to handle it."
Wei He said casually.
This kind of trivial matter, even without looking for Wang Shaojun, relying solely on the industrial relations of the many disciples under the Heavenly Seal Gate nowadays, could easily be handled.
The two talked a bit more about the research progress. Wei He then stood up to leave, while taking away some finished medicines and leaving behind some gold notes.
Returning to the Green Mansion Sect garrison, Wei He simply changed the stone tablet erected outside the garrison to the Heavenly Seal Gate.
He didn't put various restrictions on the many experts, but simply made them relatively independent and managed their own affairs, dividing them into true branch lineages.
They were just gathered into one sect in name.
After doing these treatments, Wei He devoted himself entirely to the research of bone-changing and complementary skills.
The sixth layer of the Rain-Covering and Cloud-Gathering Skill required the completion of the Cloud-Gathering Bone Body. And the Cloud-Gathering Bone Body required condensing eighteen paths of bone-body cloud patterns.
These cloud patterns were on the surface of the bones in the body. He needed to condense bone-body cloud patterns on the surface of eighteen bones in special positions, and then connect them together into a whole, changing bones and exchanging blood, before he could truly complete the Cloud-Gathering Bone Body.
According to the records of the skill, Wei He began to try condensing the first bone-body cloud pattern.
As soon as he started condensing this, he found that the bone-body cloud patterns required consuming a large amount of bone force, and the condensation of bone force was based on seal blood.
Seal blood originated from the body's qi and blood.
Therefore, the two blood bags originating from the Whale Flood Art gave him incomparably abundant backup bone force.
Other bone-forging martial artists, when changing bones, consumed all their bone force in one breath, which could last for more than an hour, and needed most of a day to recover afterward.
Yet he could persist for more than twice as long as other bone-forging martial artists, able to change bones for more than two hours.
This was the effect produced by the sustained bone force support brought by the two blood bags of his Whale Flood Art.
This meant that his bone-changing progress was more than twice as fast as other bone-forging martial artists.
Even so, Wei He's first bone-body cloud pattern took more than a month to complete a quarter of it.
According to estimation, this was still more than twice the efficiency of other bone-forging martial artists.
At the same time, it was impossible for him to spend all his bone force on bone-changing every single moment. Otherwise, in case he encountered trouble and the bone force was all used up, his strength would be discounted, and something might go wrong.
Thus, Wei He finally understood why Wan Ling asked him to consider other things carefully, instead of throwing all his energy into practicing martial arts.
But soon, he thought of Wang Shaojun.
Since bone-changing was so difficult, why did Wang Shaojun only spend three years to step into visceral-cleansing?
So Wei He put down what he was doing in his hands and found Young Master Wang, who was serving as an official in the city and busy like a dog every day.
Sure enough, from him, Wei He learned a special method.]