Answer: [Chapter 182: On the other side of Wanqing Gate. Beside the small waterfall, Wei He slowly stood up from the deep pool. His internal strength shook, scattering the water droplets in the air. Standing to the side, Hu Zichen quickly brought a towel over, his face full of respect. "You cooperated quite well with this matter." Wei He took the towel and wiped away the remaining water drops on his body. This time, he dragged Zhou Rong's family members out, threw them into Tianya Tower, and let Hu Zichen watch them. The entire operation went quite smoothly from start to finish. "It is all thanks to the Sect Master's leadership. I only did a very simple task." Hu Zichen spoke with sincere admiration. He truly only guarded the hostages, provided a path of strategy, and offered the specific location of Zhou Rong's mansion. Aside from that, he did nothing else. Wei He was very satisfied with this attitude. Originally, he had planned to directly spread poison and fight them head-on, but halfway through, he thought of the strategy Hu Zichen offered. In fact, what Hu Zichen offered was not just the location of Zhou Rong's mansion, but also the mansion locations of several other experts. It was just that Wei He ultimately chose Zhou Rong. He first found out from Wang Shaojun which people led the team fighting for Tianya Tower, and then took the chance when they left to capture people in time, rushing over right after. This series of coordination went quite well. "Let's not talk about this. What is the situation over at the fist academy?" Wei He asked casually. "Reporting to the Sect Master, there are already about a hundred people. However, they have not been carefully screened; all of them are orphans." "Can the food still hold up?" "Fairly well. You sent some people to deliver food earlier, and it can still last for more than a month." "Not enough. Buy some more," Wei He instructed. "Alright." "You handled this matter very well. If you have any requests, you can speak them out. I will consider them accordingly." Hu Zichen was overjoyed and quickly bowed down. "This small one hopes to send my younger sister into Wanqing Gate! Please rest assured, Sect Master, my sister has some talent in martial arts..." "Send her over to let me take a look first. If she really has talent, we can give it a try," Wei He nodded. Now that he had inherited the position of Sect Master, newly recruited disciples would naturally be taught by him as their master. The first few disciples after becoming the Sect Master would naturally have a very special relationship. Hu Zichen had sharp eyes and spotted this point at a glance. Wei He already had Lin Yuan as a disciple. If the second spot could be snatched, it would definitely be of great benefit in the future. Wei He could not be bothered to care about these little thoughts of his. After handling the matters at Tianya Tower, he had a large pile of secret manuals stored by ordering someone to build a separate book tower within Wanqing Gate to place the books inside. Only after solving this important matter could he find suitable complementary martial arts from the various strength-based martial arts to complete the Raining Strength. Now that the Iron Ridge Garment was fully mastered, Wei He planned to pick another martial art to start the next stage. After tasting the sweetness of strength enhancement, he could not wait to start the second enhancement. After dismissing Hu Zichen, Wei He left the waterfall area, walked a short distance, and arrived in front of a two-story simple wooden building. The guards on duty saluted him one after another, showing obvious respect. Wei He waved his hand. "No need to be afraid. I am not going to poison my own people," he smiled. "Later on, I will hold lectures in the gate regarding the use of and defense against poison. If you are interested, you can all come and listen." The few men were overjoyed. "Thank you, Sect Master!" After Wei He left, Wan Ling had already made the matter of passing down the position clear, so these disciples all knew that Wei He had now taken over as the Sect Master. To them, Wei He had saved the entire Wanqing Gate before, so his prestige was extremely high. No one jumped out to oppose him taking over as the Sect Master. Everyone gave consistent support. He entered the wooden building. The first thing Wei He saw was book racks piled next to each other. Under some book racks, there were even broken stones attached. Those were people who forcefully pulled the book racks out together with the stone ground underneath and took them away. Time was tight, and there was no time to think too much. For martial masters, while they and Wei He might seem to have a huge difference in power, it depended on who they were compared with. If compared with ordinary people, the power martial masters could possess was far beyond what ordinary people could imagine. Back then, when Wei He was at three bloods, he could casually run around carrying three hundred catties of things. Now at the bone-forging stage, plus the blessing of the Whale Flood Scripture, his giant strength had long exceeded several thousand catties. With such strength, the load capacity of a small car in his past life was only one or two thousand catties. That means he had long surpassed the horsepower of a small car. If he wore armor, took long weapons, and went to the battlefield, his giant strength would make him an unmatched fierce general. Other martial masters were different, though. When martial masters reached the bone-forging stage, they at most had strength close to one thousand catties. On the battlefield, because long weapons could not transmit too much internal strength, they could not display much power at all. But Wei He was different. With the coordination of the Whale Flood Scripture, if he served as a military general, he would definitely not be weaker than Zhou Xintong. Entering the book tower, Wei He walked around the book racks a few times, quickly took out a stack of martial arts secret manuals, placed them in front of him, and began using the Autumn Deer Technique one by one to test whether they were complementary. The Autumn Deer Technique simulated the whole body's blood vessels using the earlobe. Because the area was extremely small when practicing martial arts, the progress was extremely fast. Then, breaking through realms quickly with the breakthrough bead formed a perfect model for experimenting with martial arts complementarity and whether there were conflicts. Wei He's gaze swept across. 'Now that the Iron Ridge Garment has filled my protective flaws, let's see if there are any complementary ones among the remaining parts of the martial arts.' He had tested a small half of the martial arts before and later found the Iron Ridge Garment. Now, the remaining major half of the martial arts happened to give him time to test slowly, though he still had to wait for the breakthrough bead to be replenished. In the days that followed, Wei He poured his heart into practicing the Raining Strength. After bone-forging, he needed to start practicing the sixth layer of the Raining Gathering Cloud Skill. The sixth layer corresponded to the peak of great accomplishment in bone-forging. Once successfully cultivated, the whole body becomes complete, and the bone marrow transforms. This was also an extremely crucial hurdle. Because this hurdle was called the bone-changing hurdle by many people. Just as the name implied, this was a rare opportunity for martial masters to elevate their root bone. During the bone-forging process, the better it was completed, the more the root bone could be elevated, laying a good foundation for future martial arts cultivation. It can be said that this hurdle was a stage where martial masters built foundations for their future path. Reaching this point, martial masters had already exhausted the innate talent dividends from before. The path ahead completely depended on whether the new foundation built at this bone-forging hurdle was good enough and thick enough. Wei He learned from Wan Ling about her situation back then. Wan Ling was silent for a moment before answering. She suffered many injuries on her way back to the Tianyin Sect with Wan Qingqing, resulting in severe depletion of her vital energy and blood, plus some inconvenient reasons to tell, which ultimately led to her missing the breakthrough opportunity. Casually choosing an unpracticed strength-based martial art, Wei He restrained his mind and glanced at the name: Clear Mist Method. Opening it up, from the records, this was a leg technique pursuing footwork speed. Leg technique did not necessarily refer to martial arts that only practiced legs; any martial art focusing primarily on speed and footwork could be called a leg technique. This martial art was just like that. The Clear Mist Method focused on footwork cooperating with sharp blades, mainly doing acupoint poking and piercing, and the internal strength generated was also focused on piercing lethality. If successful, it could significantly enhance the piercing lethality of the Raining Strength. Wei He carefully began reading the practice methods. Day by day went by. Soon, the list delivery time arrived. Wei He had previously sent people to the Zhou residence and the You family regarding compensation matters. The top listed a series of material compensation, as well as meat field compensation. Although the Zhou and You families were dissatisfied in their hearts, this compensation request happened to hit the edge of their bottom line. After thinking about it, both sides agreed to pay. In an instant, a large amount of supplies, food, and even strange meat fields were sent near Heiwu Mountain and received by people sent by Wei He. Not long after that, the Zhengli courtyard, the Chidi courtyard, and the remaining nine courtyard disciples, as long as they were scattered, all heard the deeds of the battle at Tianya Tower and flocked toward Heiwu Mountain. The Chijing army garrison troops were unwilling to provoke the Wandu Sect, so they pretended not to know. As long as they did not cause trouble, they let them be. As for other forces, awed by Wei He's might, they did not dare to act rashly and only watched from the sidelines to see how the Tianyin Sect would develop afterward. As more and more scattered Tianyin Sect disciples gathered, Wei He simply accepted them all, expanding the encampment inside Heiwu Mountain and multiplying the original Wanqing courtyard encampment several times. He also had these newly joined disciple experts build wooden houses themselves. After bustling about for more than half a month, everyone was finally settled. After settling the people, a new problem arose. With so many martial artists, among whom dozens were martial masters alone, the consumption of strange beast flesh and blood was undoubtedly a huge figure. Wei He naturally could not share his private meat fields. To solve this matter, he adopted the suggestion of Chidi courtyard head Du Han, establishing a branch point in Cuiping Town outside Heiwu Mountain specifically used to collect food, strange beast meat, and other supplies. On the other side, he asked Xie Yan to organize experts to carry out strange beast clearing actions around Heiwu Mountain, which could also incidentally supplement a large amount of strange beast meat, while selling things from the strange beasts that he could not use. Next, he began sending people to search for strange beasts with attributes needed by each courtyard, because the martial arts of the nine courtyards differed, and the nature of the strange beast flesh and blood required also varied. However, this matter had to be discussed in the long term, as Shangguan Ji took away too many strange species from various branch courtyards when he left. Meanwhile, the news of the Tianyin Sect gathering again continued to spread out. The reputation of Wandu Sect Master Wei He also spread along with this news. Interested people carefully excavated the trace of Wei He's rise all the way since arriving at Taizhou, and were shocked as heaven! Some people summarized Wei He's deeds together, and looking at them as a whole, they discovered that this person's journey from joining the Tianyin Sect to calculations afterward... This Wei He turned out to be a top talent! Suddenly, deeds about Wei He also began to spread. ... ... ... Taizhou Prefecture, Yueqing Mountain. It was that time of the new year again when outer courtyard disciples were selected to enter the inner courtyard. The heads of the seven courtyards gathered again. Head seat Liu Zhenyuan looked slightly tired, but still calm and collected. His eyes were slightly closed, wearing a blue robe and a feather crown. The remaining courtyard heads sat on both sides, with more or less red cards in front of each of them. "Throw out the cards you want to exchange," Liu Zhenyuan said indifferently. With a few crisp slaps, three courtyard heads threw out their cards respectively. Among them was Yan Jiuzhen. Yan Jiuzhen would definitely throw out cards every year. Yet the area he was responsible for had the most newcomers every year. Soon, everyone stated their reasons for giving up these cards. Yan Jiuzhen still used the same old routine, looking down on all of them in terms of root bones. "Courtyard Head Jiuzhen is still the same as usual," a kind-looking old Taoist priest with a full smile sitting nearby said, stroking his beard and narrowing his eyes. "What does Courtyard Head Ruixiang mean by this?" Yan Jiuzhen seemed to hear a hint of a different meaning. "No need to be so sensitive," Courtyard Head Ruixiang smiled amiably. "Recently, a big and small matter happened down the mountain. I wonder if Courtyard Head Jiuzhen has heard of it?" At this moment, the other courtyard heads were explaining their reasons for dropping cards. But Yan Jiuzhen looked at Courtyard Head Ruixiang with some doubt. "Senior brother, please clarify. I have been in closed-door cultivation recently, and apart from occasionally guiding disciples, I have not gone down the mountain for over a year." For the Wushi Sect, up the mountain and down the mountain were two different worlds. They grouped everyone down the mountain into one category to distinguish them from those on the mountain. The Wushi Sect standing high above was not an empty saying; the mountain was real, and below the mountain was false. This was a saying passed down from the three main peaks. The total outer courtyard, the seven inner courtyards, and the three main peaks, these three steps were the path for the Wushi Sect to get closer to truth step by step. In their view, anyone who could go up the mountain was stepping onto the path of seeking truth. Meanwhile, the rolling mortal world below the mountain was all sea of desire floating and all illusions and wasted time. "This matter happened just a few days ago," Courtyard Head Ruixiang smiled amiably. "That Tianyin Sect at the bottom of the rankings has experienced quite a bit of turbulence." "Tianyin Sect?" Yan Jiuzhen frowned, not knowing why the other party mentioned this. He was currently troubled by the inner competition of the seven courtyards. Although his subordinates' disciples had good root bones, they could only be considered excellent and could not prop up the big picture alone. Compared to the strongest inner courtyards, the branch courtyard under his jurisdiction lacked obvious pillar-like truly top-tier talents who could reach the level of succeeding his legacy.]