Answer: [Xizhou, Wulian City.
The rolling sound of cart wheels mixed with mud stopped at the corner of the market, gathering together.
Large cages were dropped down one by one and piled together.
Beside the cages, a short dwarf jumped onto a wooden high platform.
Clang.
The dwarf struck the bronze gong in his hand.
"Old rules, look at the starting prices yourselves, first come, first served. Those not strong enough do not bid! All paperwork is complete!"
Wei He mixed in the crowd, looking over here from afar.
Aside from watching the situation of the cages, he was also observing the Great Yue of many years later.
Back then in Dayuan, people could not live, disasters happened constantly, famines broke out everywhere, and people could only rely on nearby big cities to survive.
And now...
Wei He took one look, and the people's clothing, spirit, and energy were clearly much better.
And... the martial artists among them seemed to be a lot less.
The folk martial arts ban really worked.
Wei He's tall and sturdy body stood out like a crane among chickens in the crowd, a bit eye-catching.
However, he was not the only one. There were a few others in the crowd like him, and some even taller than him.
But compared to Dayuan back then, the proportion was clearly much less.
Clang!
Without time to look more, Wei He was once again attracted by the sound of the bronze gong.
He saw the slaves in the large cages being pulled out one by one and put on the stage for bidding.
"Five taels!"
"Ten taels!!"
"Twenty! I bid twenty!"
"One hundred!!"
Suddenly, groups of onlookers around started to get excited.
The shouting of bids sounded one after another.
Wei He glanced over, and most of these people shouting bids were sturdy in build.
Also, ordinary people would not dare to buy such slaves.
That meant, although there were many people here, the ones who truly dared to-buy were just a few dozen.
Wei He's heart moved slightly. He didn't speak, just watching people on the stage being bid on and taken away one by one.
The speed was extremely fast, and the trade was no different from selling pigs.
Soon, it was the turn of the two cages of the Wushizong.
"The next batch are experts from the former True Strength sect Wushizong. Of course, their internal strength is broken now, and they cannot be fully healed, but using them for some ordinary physical labor is still fine."
The dwarf introduced with a smile.
Soon, two strong women drove the women of Wushizong onto the high platform one by one, making these people kneel in a row.
"This batch of goods starts at five taels each. Of course, pay attention to backlash. Without the strength of the Qiming level, you have no bidding qualification." The dwarf reminded.
This batch of people were all women, and several of them were clearly extremely good-looking.
Jiang Su and the other could only be considered medium among them.
Wooden signs were tied behind each person's back, with numbers written on them, from one to fifteen.
"Let's make it clear first, after these people are auctioned, secondary trading is not allowed. If you don't want them anymore, you can recycle them to the official at a low price. But private mutual trading among people is not allowed."
"Now, number one starts bidding."
In an instant, the atmosphere became lively.
Number one was the prettiest woman.
She lowered her head, made not a sound, her cold face had her eyes hidden by her hair.
Wei He glanced over, didn't recognize this person, and couldn't be bothered to care.
Soon, number one was bought by someone for three hundred taels.
Then came number two and number three.
Jiang Su and the other were number six and number seven.
Wei He touched the gold notes in his pocket that he had just exchanged with gold bars.
These were national universal gold notes of Dayuan Silver Bank, which could be freely exchanged for use anywhere within Dayuan.
All the gold on his body was exchanged for two thousand taels of gold notes. According to the just-concluded transaction price, buying two people was more than enough.
Soon, the sale reached number five.
Number five was also a woman with a dignified and clear temperament, looking to be around thirty years old.
If the rest of the Wushizong people were here, they would instantly recognize that this woman was Qingye, one of the courtyard heads of the outer mountain and inner courtyard.
Qingye lowered her head in silence, her mind filled with despair.
Her internal strength was the weakest, and at the critical moment, she was sold out by her master to buy time.
During the escape, she was also injured by fellow disciples and intentionally left behind to stall the pursuing soldiers.
So her ending was already doomed.
She was immediately crippled of her strength by Great Yue experts, and her martial arts were now reduced to just a little bit of basic physical strength and a trace of internal strength remaining in her muscles.
Not only that, the people of Yulong also injected a special dissolving agent into her body.
This medicine would make slaves like them unable to practice True Strength, let alone trigger True Blood.
Under the effect of the dissolving agent, most of the muscles in her whole body were destroyed.
At this time, even though Qingye knelt on the stage, her whole body was weak and limp.
She numbly listened to the bidding outside for her, feeling completely lost inside.
In her mind, fragments of past memories unconsciously flashed by.
Her high-spirited days at Wushizong, and her high and mighty position when the three main peaks were out in the outer mountain and inner courtyard.
The vanity and pride when many people surrounded her.
Everything she had experienced flowed through her mind one by one like fake memories.
In the end, what stayed in her memory was the back of Senior Brother Zheng when he finally left.
Qingye lowered her head, feeling her eyes wet.
Only then did she realize that she had unconsciously shed tears.
"One hundred and fifty taels! Sold, number five!!"
The dwarf's voice sounded beside her at this time.
Soon, Qingye was lifted up by her hair by a large hand, and the other large hand of the buyer pinched her face to look closely.
"Good goods, taking her back to dig out her eyes and tongue to make a blind servant would be best."
The burly man who bought her nodded with satisfaction, dragging Qingye, paid the money, turned around, and strode away.
Not far away, Wei He swept his glance over here, stayed on Qingye for a brief moment, and then returned to Jiang Su.
He had no impression of Qingye, so naturally, he wouldn't buy a stranger.
Nor did he know at all that this woman who had just been bought and was about to face a tragic fate was actually a high and mighty former courtyard head of Wushizong.
Such are the encounters of life.
"Next, number six! Starting price five taels."
The dwarf then had people pull Jiang Su onto the stage.
At this time, Jiang Su was much more mature and fuller than before.
After all, she had also become a martial master expert.
Although Wei He didn't know what Jiang Su, who had only been at two bloods back then, relied on to become a martial master.
It didn't matter anyway. Right now, her whole body's aura was weak and limp, clearly finished.
From afar, Wei He could smell a scent of medicine, which seemed to be the smell of muscle-dissolving toxic agents.
Being extremely familiar with the way of poisons, he naturally smelled the side effects of this drug right away, which was very harmful to the body.
This kind of medicine was usually a veterinary medicine used for disobedient livestock in the past, so its side effects were extreme.
Safety was never considered at all.
From this, it can be seen that Great Yue didn't view True Strength martial artists as humans at all.
"Twenty taels." With the paving of the previous auctions, Jiang Su came up now.
Although the seductive temperament of a mature woman was not as pretty as the previous ones, it still attracted some people's interest.
The sound of bidding suddenly rang out.
"Fifty taels." Wei He also raised his hand to bid.
Naturally, he was not using his original appearance.
As a True Human level martial artist, controlling facial muscle deformation was not that difficult of a small trick.
At this time, his face was dull, with a hook nose, high cheekbones, and cold eyes.
His appearance and temperament were much worse than his original ordinary self.
"Sixty taels!" Someone to the right bid.
"Seventy." Wei He raised his hand again.
"Eighty-five!"
"One hundred." Wei He bid for the third time.
One hundred taels of gold notes, compared to the previous numbers, was already considered high.
Judging by Jiang Su's looks, figure, and former cultivation, this price was already artificially high.
After all, she was only an ordinary martial master, and her self-healing power was not strong. Her lifespan was not long either.
Maintaining her looks and figure at this time would not exceed twenty years before she aged.
Such a short shelf life was far inferior to those True Human level goods.
The True Human level ones could maintain themselves until death without aging, and were extremely durable for play, offering high cost-effectiveness.
When he got tired of playing, reselling them would also be a source of income.
Wei He bid up to one hundred taels, and the sound of bidding suddenly stopped.
"Confirmed? One hundred taels once, one hundred taels twice, one hundred taels three times! Sold!"
The dwarf struck the gong a few times, fixing Jiang Su's ownership.
Wei He stepped forward and began to process the purchase contract in front of a strong woman who was 1.9 meters tall.
The contract was filled with his letter of informed consent, proving that he met the purchase qualifications.
Then he paid the money.
Thud.
The strong woman raised an eyebrow and slapped her palm on the desk in front of Wei He.
"Lend a hand. Passing means you have the qualification to buy." The woman said deeply.
Wei He glanced at her.
The gray armor worn by the other party had the words Xizhou - Tongcheng carved on it.
"Okay." He reached out and placed his elbow on the table.
Their palms grasped together.
This was a test of pure physical strength.
Experts of the True Strength system, even in the visceral cleansing realm, at most had only a few thousand catties of strength.
And because of the different system, True Strength martial artists would inevitably and automatically stimulate their internal strength when using power, leaving traces.
So this was also a simple method to test one's background.
Sizz.
Wei He and the strong woman gripped each other's palms, muscles bulging rapidly, and immense strength对抗 against each other.
Soon, the woman let go of her hand.
"No problem." She herself was in the Qiming realm, possessing three thousand catties of basic arm strength.
And Qiming was the lowest level of True Blood, equivalent to one to three bloods of True Strength.
Even so, Qiming had three thousand catties of basic strength.
As for the True Strength system, even in the visceral cleansing realm, according to Great Yue's statistics, without using internal strength,
visceral cleansing True Strength experts at most had about two thousand catties of physical strength.
This was the huge gap in pure physical strength.
Just now, the woman could already feel the vast strength in Wei He's hand far exceeding her own.
Realizing immediately that the other party was a True Blood expert whose realm surpassed hers, she stopped asking further questions.
"Good." Wei He nodded, withdrew his hand, and looked at Jiang Su who was pulled over to the side.
"Right, that one was also bought together, is that okay?" He pointed at the very similar girl behind Jiang Su.
"Yes, just bid." The strong woman replied with a gentle tone.]