Answer: [Evening was coming.
The sunset light hit the right side of Tianya Tower. The tower cast a dark shadow that slowly moved with the light.
More and more people gathered around. A huge number of gazes and looks were fixed here.
Granny Zeng and the other person had kept silent the whole time. No matter what Yan Haochun and the others said, their reply was always the same: no one except members of the Tianyin Sect is allowed to enter.
After a long time, Zhou Rong began to lose his patience.
"It is getting late. You two better make plans early."
He stepped forward.
"With just the two of you facing so many people, you are merely trying to stop a chariot with your arms."
Granny Zeng sneered and did not reply.
Instead, the old man with the smoking pipe at the side smiled.
"It seems we cannot settle this peacefully today. Zhou Rong, want to exchange a few moves?"
He walked forward a few steps. His smoking pipe spun, bringing out wisps of internal force. Surprisingly, this was also a weapon.
"I have long heard that your Zhou family's Flying Star Force is very powerful. Today I must witness it for myself."
Among everyone present, Zhou Rong was the only bone-cleansing martial artist and the strongest person.
After reaching the bone-cleansing stage, a martial artist's bone force could flow endlessly without stopping. Their internal organs, bones, skin, and flesh would all become flawless, reaching the state of both internal and external cultivation.
Therefore, bone cleansing was more of a refinement of bone forging. It allowed martial artists to make their bone force burst out as a normal attack method.
Every movement and gesture was filled with bone force.
Of course, some bone-cleansing martial artists were old, lacked vital energy and blood, and were extremely weak. Even with bone cleansing, they could not stop the decline of their vital energy and blood. Even if their bone force became a normal state, they could not withstand the overall decline of their body's force.
If it declined to the point where bone force was only slightly stronger than ordinary force, it would be meaningless.
"You refuse a toast only to drink a forfeiture." Zhou Rong's face turned cold.
The other two factions might still be slightly wary of these two old fellows fighting for their lives, but he was different.
His martial arts strength was well-maintained and he was still in his peak period, so he was not very afraid of the two of them fighting to the death.
"In that case, I will grant your wish!"
He slowly approached Tianya Tower step by step.
His Flying Star Force gradually rose. Balls of force vortexes resembling stars faintly appeared around him, floating in mid-air.
This was the secret of the Zhou family's Flying Star Force. This kind of force could burst at multiple points simultaneously, had extremely strong penetrating power, and had great stamina, giving a very strong enhancement to finger techniques.
Matched with the Zhou family's heirloom unique skill, the Nineteen Finger Styles of Plucking Flowers, it could erupt with astonishing power.
Zhou Rong had already practiced the Flying Star Force and the Nineteen Finger Styles of Plucking Flowers to a level second only to the family head in the entire Zhou family. He already lived independently outside and faintly showed signs of splitting the family.
"Take this!"
Immediately, he rushed forward, and his right hand suddenly pointed out a scratch.
With a single finger, several clusters of force followed. This kind of gathered Flying Star Force was several times stronger than the protective force of ordinary martial arts at the same realm.
It could be described as both offensive and defensive, extremely excellent.
The old man with the smoking pipe did not dare to be careless either. He raised his smoking pipe, bone force leaked out, and he met the attack head-on.
Clap!
The moment the two came into contact, they roughly knew each other's bottom line.
Zhou Rong's Flying Star Force was obviously much stronger. It only lasted for a moment before pressing over forcefully. Then, the moves of the Nineteen Finger Styles of Plucking Flowers came one after another, with finger shadows connecting.
After just five or six moves, the old man with the smoking pipe fell into a disadvantage, struggling to cope.
"I will help you!" Granny Zeng stepped forward from the side to assist, striking Zhou Rong's side with a palm.
On the other side, the white-haired old man beside You Ce leaped forward and stopped Granny Zeng.
"Bullying the few with the many is not the act of a gentleman." You Ce smiled, watching the fight in the field and quietly waiting for the result.
In the field, Granny Zeng was old and frail, much older than the white-haired old man of the You family. Fighting one-on-one, she also gradually fell into a disadvantage.
However, she did not care about anything and only intended to fight to the death, so the white-haired old man was restricted everywhere and had many scruples, not wanting to trade an injury for death, which made his advantage small.
Still, it looked like winning was only a matter of time.
"Brother Yan, after this is done, how about our three factions split it equally?" You Ce gently shook his folding fan and looked at Yan Haochun.
"It's just some martial arts secrets. Why don't our three factions copy each other and each keep a copy?" Yan Haochun smiled.
"That works too." You Ce smiled and nodded.
Immediately, Yan Haochun gave a light laugh and rushed towards the two people at Tianya Tower.
...
...
...
At this time, a few miles away from the Thousand Bats Waterside Pavilion.
A Chijing army watchtower loomed in the forest, with soldiers holding bows on top, alertly looking around.
It was getting late at the watchtower, and torches had already been lit.
The surrounding trees shook, swaying in the wind.
Suddenly, a figure flashed past the side of the watchtower at high speed.
Although the figure was fast, the sentries looking down from the high place could still see the trajectory.
However, the sentries said nothing and pretended not to see.
This was the survival wisdom of the sentries near the Black House Mountain. What was seen and heard had to follow an unspoken understanding.
Ever since thirteen garrison sentries died in a row, and later Wei He and Zhou Xintong fought to a draw several times,
the sentries knew they could not stop Wei He from breaking through, so they stopped forcing it.
At the foot of the watchtower, Wei He and Wan Qingqing unleashed the high-speed special effect of the Raining Force, rushing towards the Thousand Bats Waterside Pavilion at top speed.
The sentries did not disturb the two of them, and they did not bother to kill people casually.
The two advanced at full speed, heading straight towards Tianya Tower. After receiving the news that the place was surrounded, they headed over immediately.
However, just as they passed the watchtower and were about to leave the surrounding forest,
more than a dozen figures had already been waiting outside the forest for a long time.
Outside the forest, by the post road.
In the setting sun, fallen leaves fluttered.
A figure in a white dress, wearing a veil, with cold eyes, held a blue-black wide-bladed long sword.
The long sword was nearly two meters long, as wide as a forearm, with silver threads wound around the hilt, and a pure white sword tassel connected to the end.
"Wei He of the Wanqing Sect?"
The woman in the white dress touched the ground with her sword tip and looked up in the direction where Wei He was. Her steps moved easily, blocking precisely in front of Wei He's advancing path.
"Who are you?" Their path was blocked, and Wei He and Wan Qingqing had to slow down.
The opponent's momentum was not weak, and there were many people around.
The two stood at the edge of the forest, only a step away from getting out, and also looked up at the woman.
"The Thousand Cranes Manor, have you ever been there?" The woman in the white dress said in a deep voice.
"The Thousand Cranes Manor?" Wei He was stunned. "You mean the Thousand Cranes He family that was tragically wiped out before?"
"Since you know, you should understand why I am looking for you." The woman took a few steps forward, her sword dragging along the ground.
"Only you and Zhou Xintong possess divine strength in the entire Xuanjing City, so..."
She suddenly looked up.
"I have been waiting for you for a long time!"
As soon as she finished speaking, more than a dozen figures around her shook their hands at the same time, throwing a patch of black dart knives.
More than a dozen darts came from various angles, carrying strong force, fiercely hitting Wei He.
At least four of them carried martial artist force.
And these darts were extremely fast, obviously trained and coordinated to cover all the angles and directions where Wei He might dodge.
"You go first." Wei He stepped forward, his figure suddenly rushing forward.
Several darts hit him directly, but they couldn't even break his protective force, stagnating for a moment before falling to the ground.
"I will be right there."
Wei He raised his right palm, executing the Myriad Dragons Whirl from the Heart-Breaking Seal and striking forward.
He did not use bone force, nor did he use the Whale Flood Skill's divine strength, but merely struck out with the natural protective force covering his whole body.
At this moment, the woman in the white dress directly ahead slashed upward with her sword, the sword light bringing out a silver streamer with a swoosh.
Swish, swish, swish!
In an instant, a large number of tiny forces inexplicably appeared around the sword light. These forces were like threads, constantly colliding and distorting Wei He's palm from the side, pulling and skewing the direction of his force a little bit.
Clang! !
The sword blade and palm intersected.
Wei He's expression changed slightly, and he took several steps back. Raising his hand to look, a shallow red mark appeared on his palm, actually breaking the skin slightly.
"Being able to break my protective force means you are no nameless person. Who are you?" Only then did he begin to seriously ask for the other party's name.
By now, anyone who could take a blow from him without injury was at least a bone-forging martial artist.
And there were only twenty-some bone-forging martial artists in the entire Xuanjing City. They were all from the three major families, the Chijing Army, and the rest of the forces could be ignored.
"You haven't answered me yet, have you ever been to the Thousand Cranes Manor?" The woman in the white dress said coldly. "You had better answer carefully, otherwise, today you will not walk out of this open space."
"Make me unable to walk out of this open space?" Wei He laughed in disbelief. "I didn't expect that after many days, someone would still dare to say such words to me."
His expression slowly sank as he stared at the other person.
"If you only have that little skill from before..."
"Then go die..."
A figure flashed.
Wei He's Flying Dragon Skill started, the fifth layer of the Flying Dragon Skill combined with the high-speed special effect, and he suddenly grabbed at the other person.
A distance of seven or eight meters was covered in a flash.
At this time, his speed was much faster than before.
"Courting death!" The white-dressed woman raised her sword and moved forward, her blade slashing horizontally. Her whole body's force was like countless spider web tentacles, spreading around and entangling everything and everyone that approached.
Swish!
The sword blade swung halfway, slashing towards Wei He's palm, but unexpectedly Wei He changed his grab into a finger, gently tapping the side of the sword.
With a crisp ding, Wei He used the force to turn, flashing to the woman's side.
In an instant, the Whale Flood Skill's giant force erupted.
"Heart-Breaking and Emotionless!"
The killer move in the Heart-Breaking Seal exploded violently, striking the woman's right shoulder with a palm.
Bang! ! !
Unexpectedly, the woman also raised her sword quickly, blocking this move with the sword body.
The two forces collided, exploding the surrounding air into gusts of wind blowing around.
Nearby leaves and branches were blown to sway and shake.
Wei He did not stop at all. His figure was like a ghost, returning to the front again, fingers pointing continuously.
The Raining Force continued to strike with huge power.
The woman in the white dress was a beat slower. She clearly felt that Wei He's protective force had similar power to hers, far beyond what a bone-forging martial artist could compare to.
The most crucial thing was that being a step slow meant being slow at every step. Her body movement speed was much faster than Zhou Xintong's, but she was still a step slower than Wei He.
Fighting at this moment, given that their protective forces were similar, being a step slower in speed was a huge disadvantage.
The two exchanged blows hurriedly, moving extremely fast. The dozen or so people around could not intervene at all, fearing their strikes would deviate from the target.
Before long, thirty moves passed, and the woman in the white dress became slower and slower, feeling a trace of stiffness in her arms.
Her expression changed slightly. Having stepped into the great success of bone cleansing, she had extremely detailed and precise control over everything in her body. The slightest change could be detected immediately.
Feeling that something was wrong, she hurriedly withdrew and retreated. Wide-bladed sword sweeping around. Upon reaching bone cleansing, there was no longer any distinction of bone force; bone force turned into daily use and merged into the protective force.
Because of this, bone cleansing was more about solidifying the power of bone-forging bone force.
Since she still couldn't take down her opponent after thirty consecutive moves, the woman understood in her heart that the strength of the person in front of her was no longer below her own.
If she insisted on killing him by force, using a secret technique might work, but that would outweigh the gain. It would be nothing more than a move of killing a thousand enemies while self-damaging eight hundred.
Thinking of this, the woman was about to withdraw and stop.
"Fall!" Suddenly she heard a low drink from Wei He.
The woman felt a chill in her heart, but suddenly felt her head spin. Realizing bad news, she hurriedly pulled back to retreat.
But it was already too late.]