"What? Caught a cold recently? Did the chill reach your lungs?" Nine Shadows felt the key point as soon as he heard it.
"It's fine, it's fine. Probably because a few nights ago when I was sleeping, I had a little less quilt." The old man waved his hand to show it didn't matter and continued to set up the chessboard.
Without a word, Nine Shadows reached out, pinched the old man's wrist, carefully took his pulse, and then asked a few more questions about his symptoms, checking his face, tongue coating, pupils, and so on.
"I will prescribe a medicine for you later. You go and get it filled according to the prescription, and take it continuously for a month. You should be fine then," Nine Shadows smiled.
"Okay, I trust your medical skills," the old man said indifferently.
The two continued to play chess until the sky gradually darkened. Nine Shadows had a meal with his friend and then left.
After stepping out of the courtyard, he did not immediately return to Black House Mountain. Instead, he slowly walked to the post road outside the county town and quietly waited.
Not long after, a black ox cart pulled by a single-horned black ox slowly rushed from the post road and stopped right beside him.
Nine Shadows narrowed his eyes, staring at someone behind the cloth curtain on the ox cart.
"I haven't seen you for so many years. Suddenly contacting me to come over, is something the matter?"
He did not use the local language of Taizhou, but used another dialect nearby that no one had ever heard, and asked out loud.
"Nine Shadows, I happened to encounter a kind of medicine made by your hands before, and I knew you were back," an old female voice came from behind the cloth curtain.
"So what? Speak, what do you want with me?" Nine Shadows asked coldly.
"I came to ask you, do you have any relation with Wei He of the Myriad Poison Sect in Xuanjing?"
"Wei He of the Myriad Poison Sect?" Nine Shadows frowned. "So what if I know him? So what if I don't?"
"We are old friends too. Some things are not easy to say clearly, but you should also know my identity, and who I have been working for," the female voice said calmly.
"What do you want to say?" Nine Shadows had a vague guess in his heart.
"Nine Shadows, do not provide poison to Wei He anymore. Otherwise, the people in the cult will not let you go. Just because others cannot find you does not mean the masters of the Divine Cult cannot."
"Are you warning me?" Nine Shadows' expression became colder and stricter.
"Consider it so," the female voice said lightly. "I don't want to make a move against you either, after all, our cooperation back then was quite harmonious. Alright, the message has been delivered, take care of yourself."
The ox cart had no one controlling it, turned by itself, and slowly drove back the way it came.
From beginning to end, the person on the cart never showed their true face.
Nine Shadows stood by the road, his expression uncertain. He did not expect that after hiding for so many years, he was still found by the people of the Chaotic God Cult, and they even delivered the letter signal to his residence in Qingqi County.
Turning around, he planned to go back to his residence first.
Suddenly, a fierce wind rushed over rapidly from the side.
A warning went off in Nine Shadows' heart, and his movement technique suddenly lifted, dodging to the left.
What he practiced was a leg technique martial art called Wild Goose Nine Bends. His speed was untraceable, quiet as a virgin and active as a rabbit, with extremely strong and fast explosive power. He was best at dealing with surprise attacks.
"Who?!"
Swish!
That fierce wind brushed past his previous standing position, cutting through the air and bringing out a breaking sound.
Nine Shadows dodged a few meters away and looked back.
The person who ambushed him was unexpectedly a short-haired middle-aged man with a small mustache.
The man held a short sword about the length of an arm, and the upper half of his face wore a white mask.
"Elder Nine Shadows?" the newcomer asked in a deep voice.
"Who are you?" Nine Shadows asked coldly, quietly starting to release poisonous fragrance in his hands.
"By order of the Tower Master, take a trip with us."
Soon another person lightly landed behind Nine Shadows.
The two of them, front and back, both held short swords with internal energy flowing on their bodies. They were unexpectedly martial masters, and both were martial masters who specialized in leg techniques.
From the movement speed just now, Nine Shadows had already judged it.
And most importantly, his gaze fell on the belts worn by the two people.
Those belts were white jade color, inlaid with a large number of colorful strange objects.
The poisonous fragrance he released had only quietly touched the two people's internal energy when it was washed away and neutralized.
Nine Shadows noticed that on the masks of these two people, there was a copper wild goose-shaped mark carved.
"Returning Wild Goose Tower!?" He suddenly remembered the origin of this mark.
"As expected, following Ruan Qinghong brings surprises."
The third person appeared from behind Nine Shadows, unexpectedly the veiled Returning Wild Goose Tower Master.
"That Wei He's poison technique has the traces of you, Nine Shadows, so you two must have a deep relationship. Very well, I will capture you first, and then use your life as bait to lure that Wei He out!"
"Hehe, I don't know any Wei He. Is it useful for you to capture me to threaten him?" Nine Shadows retorted, only looking at the momentum of these people, he vaguely felt something was not quite right.
Although he didn't know how strong they were, just from that surprise attack just now, he could roughly estimate their speed.
That kind of speed cannot be achieved unless one is a martial master.
"The medicine Wei He uses has your style from back then, still dare to lie," the Returning Wild Goose Tower Master sneered.
"Take him down!"
With a wave of her hand, the two experts advanced at the same time, surrounding and attacking with swords.
That sword was obviously not an ordinary weapon; the blade was coated with a strange, gloomy gray-black layer.
The Returning Wild Goose Tower Master stood aside, watching her subordinates fight Nine Shadows, but she did not attack, instead observing Nine Shadows' style.
In order to encircle and kill Wei He this time, she could be said to have invited two major experts.
One was Cult Elder Ruan Qinghong.
The other person came by contacting her voluntarily.
Originally she planned to fully recover from her injuries before making a move, but the appearance of this second expert made her change her mind.
She had already investigated Wei He's background thoroughly.
Born with divine strength, speed comparable to a martial master specializing in leg techniques, Overturning Rain Force much stronger than ordinary Myriad Green Sect members, plus an unpredictable layer of bone force, coupled with his poisoning methods.
Now, with the poisoning methods restricted by Ruan Qinghong, she and the other expert attacking together were enough to restrict Wei He's high speed.
"This time, he will undoubtedly die!"
...
...
...
Puff puff puff...
A light green bird flapped its wings and gently landed on the hand of a Myriad Green Sect disciple.
The disciple took the letter paper from the bird's leg and turned around to quickly send it to the bamboo house in the back.
Not long after, a disciple rushed out, crossed rows of stationed houses, and came to the side of a pool waterfall.
"Disciple of the Distant Sound Department requests to see the Sect Master," the disciple said loudly with cupped fists.
By the pool, the white waterfall rumbled down, and the falling water made a loud sound.
In the open space nearby, someone slowly pushed open the door of a small wooden house.
"What is the matter?" Wei He was draped in a white single garment, still holding the book he hadn't finished reading earlier.
"Reporting to the Sect Master, the trace of Returning Wild Goose Tower experts was found in Qingqi County. Two people seem to be chasing an old martial master."
"Oh?" Wei He narrowed his eyes, took the paper roll, and unfolded it to read.
"It's actually Nine Shadows?"
He didn't figure out how Nine Shadows got mixed up with Returning Wild Goose Tower. But since one side was an old acquaintance and the other side already had a feud, that made things easy to handle.
"Just right to catch someone to lead the way, I am looking for the main headquarters of Returning Wild Goose Tower anyway." He hadn't forgotten the grudge from last time when the Returning Wild Goose Tower Master led people to intercept him.
Putting down the letter, Wei He pondered for a moment. Someone who could make Nine Shadows, that old poison master specializing in leg techniques, run away in panic was either also a specialist in leg techniques or far exceeded his ability to handle.
In this situation, letting others help out was inappropriate; it was better for him to go take a look himself.
"Go notify Senior Xie Yan, ask her to temporarily hold down the base. I will go personally."
"Yes."
Wei He retreated back into the house, packed up briefly, changed into a tight outfit, and walked out the door.
He leaped forward at high speed, crossed the fence in the blink of an eye, and disappeared into the jungle.
However, the direction he went was not Qingqi County, but Xuanjing City.
For this news to last so long and reach his ears, it showed that Nine Shadows had been chased for quite a long time.
Being chased persistently for so long either meant the opponent also specialized in leg techniques, wasn't afraid of deadly poison, and had a deep grudge against Nine Shadows, or they were putting on a show for others to see, deliberately baiting someone into a hook.
Overall, the second possibility was higher.
The other party should know how to target Nine Shadows very well, but since they knew and made preparations, why did it drag on for so long?
Knowing Nine Shadows specialized in leg techniques, he could run in the first place.
If they couldn't catch up for a while, it was very likely they could never catch up, yet chasing for so long, something had to be wrong!
Most importantly, Nine Shadows had a contact method with him.
Wei He had just entered the house and checked their simple warning device made of bugs.
Sure enough, he saw that the bugs in the device had completely lost their usual vitality, which meant the bugs on Nine Shadows' side had already been pinched to death.
This was the secret code he and Nine Shadows agreed upon, so this was definitely a trap.
Wei He went to Xuanjing City naturally to find helpers.
Compared to Xie Yan, that unreliable viscera-cleansing expert, Wang Shaojun, who also had a grudge against Returning Wild Goose Tower, was a qualified ally.
Not long after, Wei He met Wang Shaojun again on a stone bridge outside the city.
"Didn't we just meet? Something up?" Wang Shaojun asked doubtfully.
"Interested in encircling and killing the Returning Wild Goose Tower Master?" Wei He's first sentence upon meeting made Wang Shaojun's expression shock.
"Tell me more."
"You and I both send people out to encircle them. Returning Wild Goose Tower should not have many personnel left near Xuanjing; a batch was poisoned by me last time, and two hall masters died over at Thousand Cranes Manor. Their elites should be very few now. This is the best opportunity." Wei He said.
Wang Shaojun pondered for a moment.
"Do you have specific intelligence?"
"Last time I schemed to injure the Returning Wild Goose Tower Master, and this time they still dare to appear publicly, this kind of tactic is too crude and clumsy. So it's definitely a trap.
Let's go along with their scheme and use me as bait to instead encircle and kill this woman," Wei He said in a deep voice.
"Alright! What do you want to do?" Wang Shaojun nodded, Returning Wild Goose Tower was also his thorn in the side.
"You contact the three major families and those with a grudge against Returning Wild Goose Tower, and we move together?" Wei He said.
"People are too mixed, it might leak the news," Wang Shaojun shook his head. "How about this, you and I mobilize forces on both sides. I can dispatch three bone-forging experts, plus the two of us at the viscera-cleansing realm.
In addition, I can also mobilize some of my Wang family's forces in the Chijing Army to come forward and join the encirclement."
"Then I will mobilize manpower too. Heavenly Seal Sect doesn't have many experts right now, as you know, plus the opponent must have factored that in. So it's just Xie Yan and me who can be counted as combat strength," Wei He shook his head.
"That's enough," Wang Shaojun nodded. "It's time for Returning Wild Goose Tower and me to completely settle things."
He pondered for a moment, and finally made up his mind.
"I will ask my father to make a move!"
"Your father?" Wei He froze slightly.
Wang Shaojun's biological father, Wang Yehe, was not an ordinary expert of the Wang family, but the head of the Wang family and the eldest son of Xuanjing scholar Wang Zhihe.
He held the name of riding the wind and driving a crane, and across the entire Taizhou, he was a well-known top expert.
He belonged to the tier just below Shangguan Ji, on par with Zhou Shun's level back then, just without actually fighting, so the outcome was unclear.
"Don't worry, my dad is stronger than me. If it were five more years, he might not be my opponent, but right now, I still cannot defeat him," Wang Shaojun smiled slightly.
"There is no time to lose, let's return separately and quickly mobilize men," Wei He said in a deep voice. "I will ensure a fair fight, not affected by poisons and the like."
"Alright!"
The two quickly returned.
Inside the Wang Manor, Wang Yehe frowned as he listened to his son's request.
"This is an opportunity!" he said in a deep voice. "Usually, people like us are wary of Returning Wild Goose Tower simply because their various poisoning methods and secret techniques are troublesome. But now, with the guarantee of Myriad Poison Sect Master Wei, and since you and Sect Master Wei are on very good terms, we can just take this opportunity to solve the problem in one go."
"Dad means?" Wang Shaojun's heart skipped a beat.
"Completely wipe out Returning Wild Goose Tower!" Wang Yehe said coldly. "Take this opportunity to exterminate them completely and leave no future troubles!"
"Just relying on our little strength... could it be that you..." Wang Shaojun immediately thought of something, his expression shocked.
"That's right, to prevent accidents, I will go invite your grandfather to cooperate. If the Chaotic God Cult causes any trouble, your grandfather will personally make a move. At the critical moment, the eminent monks of Sword German Temple will also make a move," Wang Yehe gently stroked his beard.
"This... isn't this making too big of a commotion?" Wang Shaojun's heart skipped a beat. His original intention was just for his family to cooperate with Wei He to solve the trouble, never expecting his old man's heart to be more ruthless than his own.
With this kind of setup, the experts coming forward would probably be fiercer than the Horizon Tower incident last time.
"You don't understand, that new Returning Wild Goose Tower Master's identity is the direct offspring of a high-level member of the Chaotic God Cult. If we can capture this person, it will be of great benefit to our encirclement of the Chaotic God Cult," Wang Yehe glanced at his son and softened his tone.
"Actually, we have long been quietly laying out plans. Sword German Temple and Danyang Gate have always been keeping an eye on the Chaotic God Cult. If we can really fish someone out this trip, that would be a truly great thing. Taking the opportunity to chop off an arm of the Chaotic God Cult is also a good thing!"
