He had seen this kind of scene at an escort agency far too often. In this world fortune and ruin came without warning, and who could say for certain that he himself would stand steady forever? Today alone he had three such ruined-household matters to settle, and the Yonghe Agency was only one of them.
Cheng Shaojiu sat where he was, breathing fast, his whole body cold. He stared fixedly at the contract paper, knowing that once he pressed his seal to it, nothing could ever be mended. But he had no way out. The other side was the Zhao family — the Zhao family of the Seven Family League, the second-ranked house. In all Feiye City, apart from the Ou family, the Zhaos were the greatest.
He shut his eyes, clenched his teeth, and pressed down hard. Creak. All at once the wooden door of the hall was shoved open. Wei He stood in the doorway, out of breath, staring fixedly at Cheng Shaojiu in his seat and at the rest of that crowd.
Clatter. He pulled the bundle from his breast and flung it down on the floor. "Brother Cheng, will this be enough?" It landed with a rattling clatter.
The contents scattered over the ground: a yellow-hide bag, and out of it spilled nothing but gold notes and all kinds of gold ingots. Cheng Shaojiu's hand hung in the air; he rose slowly to his feet, looking at the gold notes strewn across the floor. One stack of large notes was glaring beyond words, each bearing the figure of a hundred. A single glance said there was at least a thousand in gold here…!
"Is it enough?" Wei He said gravely. "If not, I will go home and fetch more." Not to speak of anything else, that Five Ridges Palm booklet alone would fetch no small amount of gold. In these times such arts and secret techniques were all private books, and no one would be willing to part with one. A single Five Ridges Palm would fetch at least five hundred taels, and that was because it lacked the root diagrams and the medicinal formula.
Of course, if it was still not enough, he could always take a few more turns up the mountain; a few hundred taels of gold might come his way again if his luck held. Now that he had the knack of it, Wei He knew the hills and woods outside the city as well as his own home. "You…" Cheng Shaojiu felt that the one thing he had done right in his life was to make a friend of Wei He! He clenched his teeth and fought to hold back the tears from welling up.
And yet he did not know how to speak. He did not know what to say, nor what face to put on all this. But he knew the one thing he ought to do now. Crack!
Cheng Shaojiu snatched up the contract and ripped it clean through in one tearing motion. "Brother! I owe you!" he said to Wei He in earnest. The man in the mandarin jacket opposite was staring dumbstruck at Wei He in the doorway. So much money, so many gold notes — and there was even a little blood on them…
This fellow… He stared at Wei He, and for a while could find nothing to say, taken aback as he was. Nor was he the only one: in the whole hall the Cheng men and the Zhao men alike were struck dumb by this reversal at the moment of crisis. Wei He's arrival could not have been better timed.
"This friend here, think carefully. Meddling in this business…" The man in the mandarin jacket narrowed his eyes at Wei He in warning. "The money's there, isn't it? If there's nothing else, I'll be going." Wei He pointed at the floor and cut him off. He waved a hand at Cheng Shaojiu. "Brother Cheng, remember to pay me back. I still have training to do, so I'll head off first."
As though he had merely left the price of a meal behind, he turned and walked off unconcerned. It was as if what he had thrown down were not a thousand-odd taels of gold at all, but a bit of loose change. The man in the mandarin jacket still wanted to say something, but was struck dumb once more by the way he carried it off.
